README.md, before:

# docker-test-ldes-sync
A straightforward docker setup to allow testing / fetching items from an ldes-feed


## info
This image uses the LDES client provided by [this github repo](https://github.com/TREEcg/event-stream-client)

The docker image extends upon a straightforward nodejs system where the above is installed through 
```sh
$ npm install -g @treecg/actor-init-ldes-client@4.0.9
```

When you run the docker it actually runs the client to simply dump the found members to stdout (in turtle) by using this command internally
``` sh
$ actor-init-ldes-client --disableSynchronization --dereferenceMembers --requestsPerMinute 60 -mimeType text/turtle --loggingLevel error $1 
```

## build

To create the docker image (named 'ldes-test-sync') 

```sh
$ make docker-build 
```

## usage

```sh
$ docker run ldes-test-sync https://marineregions.org/feed > mrg-ldes-out-$(date --iso).ttl
```

One can optionally set a custom logging level.  Be warned thoough these get mixed with the normal output and thus breaks format (turtle or json) 

```sh
$ echo "LDES_LOGGING_LEVEL=debug" >> .env

$ docker run --env-file .env ldes-test-sync https://marineregions.org/feed > mrg-ldes-out-$(date --iso).ttl
```

Commit message:

making deref optional via env

README.md, after:

# docker-test-ldes-sync
A straightforward docker setup to allow testing / fetching items from an ldes-feed


## info
This image uses the LDES client provided by [this github repo](https://github.com/TREEcg/event-stream-client)

The docker image extends upon a straightforward nodejs system where the above is installed through 
```sh
$ npm install -g @treecg/actor-init-ldes-client@4.0.9
```

When you run the docker it actually runs the client to simply dump the found members to stdout (in turtle) by using this command internally
``` sh
$ actor-init-ldes-client --disableSynchronization --dereferenceMembers --requestsPerMinute 60 -mimeType text/turtle --loggingLevel error $1 
```

## build

To create the docker image (named 'ldes-test-sync') 

```sh
$ make docker-build 
```

## usage

```sh
$ docker run ldes-test-sync https://marineregions.org/feed > mrg-ldes-out-$(date --iso).ttl
```

One can optionally tune some flags via environment variables (e.g. through a so called env-file). This includes:
* setting a custom logging level.  Be warned thoough these get mixed with the normal output and thus breaks format (turtle or json) 
* disabling the member deref (useful for feeds that have embedded members and don't need to support actual LOD details on the members)

```sh
$ echo "LDES_LOGGING_LEVEL=debug" >> .env
$ echo "LDES_NO_DEREF=1" >> .env

$ docker run --env-file .env ldes-test-sync https://marineregions.org/feed > mrg-ldes-out-$(date --iso).ttl
```
